## Elastic Load Balancers ##

Types of Elastic LB:
* Application LB
* Network LB
* Classic LB

### Application LB ###
Application LBs are best suited for load balancing of HTTP and HTTPS traffic. They operate at Layer 7 and are application-aware. They are intelligent, and you can create advanced requeste routing, sending specified requests to specific web servers.

### Network LB ###
Network LBs are best suited for load balancing of TCP traffic where extreme performance is required. Operating at the connection level (Layer 4), Network LBs are capable of handling millions of requests per second, while maintaining ultra-low latencies.
**Use for extreme performance!**

### Classic LB ###
Classic LBs are the legacy Elastic Load Balancers. You can load balance HTTP/HTTPS applications and use Layer 7-specific features, such as X-Forwardded and sticky sessions. You can also use strict Layer 4 load balancing for applications that rely purely on the TCP protocol.

Load Balancer Errors
**Classic LB** - if your application stop responding, the ELB (Classic Load Balancer) responds with 504 error.
This means that the application is having issues. This could be either at Web Server layer or Database layer.
Identify where the application is failing, and scale it up or out where possible.

## Exam Tips ##
* 3 types of LB:
  * Application LB
  * Network LB
  * Classic LB
* 504 Error means the gateway has timed out. This means that the application not responding within the idle timeout period
  * Trouble shot the application. Is it the Web Server or DB?
* If you need the IPv4 address of your end user, look for the X-Forwarded-For header.

## LB Labs ##
